In the previous lecture we have created
the DAO layer for our order processing
service in this one will create the
business logic layer to do that right
click on the SRC folder say new interface
give it a name OrderBO and change the
package name from DAO to BO
business object hit finish in here we'll be
adding three simple matters
starting with place order method which
returns a boolean place order takes
the order object the order DTO to
import it  hit control 1 point the
cursor on the order hit control 1 set
the first option to import the order the
second method is the
cancel order method again boolean
cancel order it takes the order ID int
ID and finally a boolean delete order
method which takes int ide as well.
All these methods through a business
extraction back instead off throwing a sequel
exception of some other exceptions they
will wrap up those exceptions in a
exception which is our own custom
exception so hit control 1 right now
this BO exception doesn't even exist
select the first option which says create
class BO exception and change the
package name from BO to
BO.exception
It implements or it inherits from the
superclass java.LAN.exception so our
exception is a checked exception do the
same thing will change this exception
BOexception as required later on
leave it as it is for now go back to the orderBO
take this throws BO exception
copy it and paste it for the other two
methods as well. Save your file
we have the interface ready now right  click on
the BO to implement it say new class
order BOimpl and interfaces
section click on add search for orderBO
select it
interface click on OK hit finish we
have all the three methods and the
skeletons ready with the override annotation
read the to do comment appointing the
mouse curser on it hit ctrl D do the same thing
for the other two methods as well as we will
be implementing these methods will
declare the DAO as a global objects so
the orderDAO the interface
our BOimpl let's rename this to impl
imple hit control 1 rename
compilation unit to orderBOimpl and this
guy the orderBOimpl depends on the
order DAO hit control 1 create getters
and setters so that we can inject this
DAO from our test and also we can
inject this DAO from any other layer
BO layer typically we use
frameworks like spring to do this
injection now to place an order in here
we will say DAO.createorder and
pass the order to it.This method
through a sequel exception we have to hit
control 1 surround with tricache block
delete this to do clock again by
hitting ctrl D instead of doing a
e.printStacktrace will say throw new
BO exception and we'll wrap this sequel
exception inside this new exception save
right now
our BO exception doesn't have a
constructor which accepts this e so
hit control 1 and select the second
option which says create a constructor
double click now we have a constructor in  here
inside these constructor let's call
super and passing the E  that will call the
exception classes constructor here to get
it out this warning is complaining about
the serialization version ID hit control 1
for the quick fix
add default serialization version id
remove these useless comments go back to
orderBOimpl assigned this
DAO.create to a local variable by
hitting control 1 assigned statement
new local variable lets call it result if
result is equal to 0 we are going to
return false otherwise at the end of it
we're going to return a true a very
simpleplaceorder method similarly let
implemented cancel order method for cancel
order we have two calls that we need to make
the DAO.leadfirst by passing in the
order ID once we read it let's assign
this to a local variable assign statement to
a local variable by hitting control 1
will get the order back again we need to
handle the sequel exception by
surrounding it with tricache take this
line from the placeorder method which
throws a new BOexception paste it in
here by replacing those two lines now
will call the DAO.update and will
pass the order object to it but in between
those two lines we will say order.set
status to cancel very crude way of
handling a cancellation but and again to
keep things simple
we are using status as cancel and then
we call the DAO.update
Assign this to a local variable again and call
it result gift result is equal to 0 we
return a
false else we return true at the end
again this is not a great realtime
logic in here but to demonstrate the use
of morking and everything which makes it
a lot more easier.Finally the delete
method will call DAO.delete by
passing the ID same logic again assign
it to a new local variable call it result
handle the exception surround with  tricache
take this throw new BOexception replace these two
lines here if result ok, we are at a
point where we can extract out result
is block is if block return false.There is no big
course
so lets leave it as is instead of refactoring it
that's it we are all set we have
implemented the three different methods the
Place order, Tocancel order and Delete
order matters will start unit testing this
by starting this place order
in the next lecture.